[Music]
we don't think wait what about certain
names come to mind jump on title try it
but and the great Tim Cormac hit the
manual yeah we have industry a box
Herman when you think of Tim Tebow you
think of innocence
mmm-hmm what is innocence apple juice go
ahead awesome into that innocence you
need strength power what's wrong
look
landed add sweetness okay for the crisp
passes that he grows we can give a
sweetie
anyway Moscato oh boy okay let's see you
top this all off and then we garnish it
with fresh cuts really pretty so what
you do is you drink the drink okay and
then you just bite on your Apple very
dainty
[Music]
that's really good I'm right is really
good I've been drinking that all day it
doesn't even seem that strong no we
don't taste like is anything but it in
there so you catch imaginator you know
they may say something on TV but we wait
I'm sure you can sex up a great goal no
seriously I admire him for giving things
to God after a victory as long as he's
being sincere I think that's hot like
you like him man who prays it's very
attractive to me before you show just
like that
when you're looking for man